♪♪
A new, unopened
box of cereal.
Untouched by my six
grubby siblings.
I'll finally have a bowl
that looks like
the picture on the box.
Fresh bowl, come to Mama.
Pull, Beast, pull.
- What are you doing?
- We're training
to be firemen.
Aren't you a little young,
short and completely unqualified
to fight fires?
There's gonna be
a fire truck at
the neighborhood
block party this year.
If we're gonna
join the squad,
we gotta train hard.
- You call that training?
- Oh, come on.
Never walk away
from the first bowl.
You guys can't
be firemen.
You're too soft.
You call this soft?
- Ow!
Maybe she's right.
Maybe we do
need a trainer.
Someone tough who won't
let up, no matter what.
Oh, you don't want this.
I'll bring the pain.
We'll take whatever pain
you can dish out.
All right then.
It's on.
Move, fire monkeys, move.
Daphne's soggy leftovers
for breakfast.
Eh, wouldn't be the first time.
Sorry the house is
such a mess, Bethany.
It has been a hectic...
This is how it always looks.
Best to keep your shoes on.
I always wear my gardening
shoes when I come here.
So block party time.
Very exciting.
Yep. Time to get
to know the neighbors
I usually only speak to
when their car is
blocking my driveway.
That reminds me.
I need you to move your car.
It's not blocking anything,
it's just an eyesore.
Anyway, I've got you down
for your usual assignment.
Water station.
Got it.
No one hands out
water bottles like us.
Uh, Mom, can you please
grab me the peanut butter?
I don't wanna hand out
water bottles again.
It's a nothing job.
The year we had the flu,
they replaced us
with a tub of ice.
So are you saying
we should do nothing?
Because if you think
we can get away with it
- I'm all for it.
- No. We should do more.
We should be in charge
of the big activity.
The Callahans
do the big activity every year
and they nail it--
water slides, bounce houses.
But they moved
to Alaska.
This opening may
never come again.
It's all about timing, Mom.
Hey, guys.
Got any pretzels?
Don't you wanna ask us
why we're in here?
Not unless it affects you
handing me the pretzels.
Harley, doing
the big activity
is way too risky.
Everybody on the block
already thinks our family's
a train wreck.
Have you seen Daphne?
This is our chance to
change our reputation.
I can bring the wow factor.
And I don't mean the
"Wow, the Diazes
still have their Christmas
lights up in July" factor.
Sorry, Harley, we need to
just play it safe.
Now follow me out
and act normal.
And that, Harley,
is the difference
between creamy
and crunchy peanut butter.
Always teaching.
I just thought you were
trying to avoid me.
But based on the havoc
I'm seeing in there,
it's entirely plausible
you got trapped.
Ms. Peters?
I'm must curious.
Who's doing the activity
this year?
Wait.
You're thinking...
the activity?
For the block party?
This family?
I'm not sure
why that's so funny.
That's what makes it funny.
As a mother of
seven kids,
it takes a lot to push
my mom's buttons.
But the one that puts her
over the edge...
laughing at her family.
Mom's gonna lose it in
three, two, one.
You can stop laughing
because the Diaz family
is doing the activity,
and we're gonna
knock it out of the park.
I mean, block.
You know what I mean.
Generous offer, but you
better stick to your strengths.
Water, hand,
water, hand.
It's not an offer.
We're doing it.
Yeah!
- What did we just do?
- Don't worry, Mom.
We're gonna set
this block party on fire.
Fire? Where?
Somebody do something.
It's my first day.
♪ Sometimes it feels like
things are outta control ♪
♪ Like you're living in
a circus ♪
♪ Try to figure out
your way in the world ♪
♪ Where you're at
is kinda perfect ♪
♪ So turn it up,
turn it up ♪
♪ Do your thing,
don't stop ♪
♪ Let the games begin,
let's jump right in ♪
♪ I wanna get
stuck with you ♪
♪ In the middle
of the party ♪
♪ We're just
getting started ♪
♪ I wanna get
stuck with you ♪
♪ In the eye of the tornado,
rowin' in the same boat ♪
♪ I wanna get
stuck with you ♪
♪ Get stuck in
the middle with you ♪
♪ I wanna get
stuck with you ♪
I just put
our family's reputation
in front of
a one-woman firing squad.
If I'm going to think of
an awesome activity
for the party, I have to have
something I've never had before.
Quiet.
- No way. No way!
- ( music playing loudly )
No way!
You're kidding!
( laughter )
For a project
this big,
I gotta find a place where
my family won't be in the way.
( screaming )
Not there.
Thank you for coming
to my tea party.
One of you has been served
an odorless poison.
Who will it be?
Definitely not there.
Oh, hi, Harley.
Mom sent me over
to try to find out
what your activity is.
Is it bobbing for socks?
Looks super fun.
No. I was just looking
for a quiet place to think.
But this is more stink
than think.
I have too much
quiet time.
Sometimes I go in my closet
and pretend the coats
are my big family.
The trenchcoat
is my big brother,
the parka's my cousin,
and the poncho is
my fun little brother.
I love
family game night.
Your turn, Poncho.
I have an idea.
This is it.
It's perfect.
Tell me
what we're seeing.
I want to be
as excited as you.
Ellie, I'm seeing
the place
where I'm going to think
of an activity so awesome,
your mom's head
is going to explode.
No offense.
None taken.
I've imagined it many times.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
HARLEY: Now this is living.
Now that I have
my quiet space,
I'm going to think of
something great,
because silence is golden.
And so am I.
Awesome activity.
Here we go.
♪ I've got a plan,
gotta follow through ♪
♪ There's nothing that
I cannot do ♪
♪ I'm ready to go ♪
♪ I'm ready
to go ♪
♪ I'm ready to go ♪
♪ I'm ready
to go ♪
♪ I'm ready ♪
♪ I'm ready to go ♪
All I can think of
is bobbing for socks.
Seriously? Seriously?
What happened here?
Where did
Harley's stuff go?
Why does our room look like
Katy Perry's tour bus?
Oh good, that's what
I was going for.
You can't just decide
you get Harley's space.
That's not fair.
You're right.
Let's take a vote.
Hey, squad, is this fair?
- GIRLS: Totally.
- The totallys have it.
Yeah, well,
I've got people, too.
Should I get half the room?
Not cool, guys.
Stay calm, ma'am.
The fire department
is here.
( falsetto )
Save my baby.
Save Honey Maple.
It's all right.
I've got him.
He's my only child.
He's all I have.
Dude, you're making me
not wanna rescue you
or your ham baby.
- ( whistle blows )
- Ten seconds!
That ham would be
bacon by now.
Guys, I just told you.
No more rescuing
the deli meats.
You said no,
she said yes.
She's scarier.
And she makes us
do push-ups.
What is this,
a talk show?
- Drop and give me ten.
- ( both groan )
You know what? 20.
And yet, I can't get you
to rake the leaves.
- Rake the leaves
when you get home.
- Thanks, Daphne.
Now I have no ideas
and no pencils.
Harley.
Mom and I are really glad
you convinced us
to take a risk
this year.
We'll show Bethany.
I want us all dressed
for the big moment,
so I made these
for everybody.
"Team Diaz.
We nail activity."
I wanted it to say
"How'd you like us now?"
but Mom felt
it was enabling.
This is the year
the Diaz family
turns it around.
Yeah, how you
like us now?
Tom, please, stop.
Stop staring at me.
Okay, it's still in
the testing phase,
but I want you two to be
the first to see
my block party activity.
Be honest with me.
Stop downplaying it.
We already know
it's going to be awesome.
It's called
the bounce fly.
Uh...
that's a trampoline.
P.S.
Not a great one.
No, this is
a bounce fly.
On a trampoline, you jump.
There's no jumping here.
Just bouncing.
And flying.
She's messing with us.
This is the razzle
before the dazzle.
Show us the activity.
I'll do the "ta-da."
Ta-da!
- Ta-da!
- Ta-da?
I gotta go.
When I tell Poncho,
he'll be devastated.
This is a bounce fly.
Calling it a trampoline
is insulting.
Oh, cool.
A trampoline.
Not a trampoline.
Who cares?
We need a break.
I'll break you.
Get moving, or I'll
flip you like a pancake.
What have I done?
I can't tell Mom
I staked our family's
reputation
on a knock-off trampoline.
Look, let me
handle this.
You're not used to
quitting things,
but I am.
Right now, I'm
supposed to be at karate.
So I bought
this pink shirt for school.
GIRL: Love it.
This pink shirt
for the concert.
Oh, that's so pretty.
And this pink shirt
to go buy other pink shirts.
( squad laughing )
What's so funny?
( screams )
Take that down.
When you give me
my half of the room back.
Until then, go ahead.
Rip it down.
I've got more where
that came from.
Night guard Rachel,
runny nose Rachel.
Wisdom tooth Rachel.
No one looks good
after oral surgery.
This is so unfair.
Is it?
Let's take a vote.
Is this unfair?
That's right.
I figured it out.
Yay! Bye.
Mom, we need to talk
about the block party.
- Interesting.
- ( Ethan screams )
I was just going to
talk about the same thing.
I didn't know
Ms. Peters was here.
Neither did I.
I guess I was camouflaged
by all the clutter.
Anyway...
good news.
The neighbors heard you were
stuck doing activity,
so they pitched in
to fly the Callahans back.
So you're off the hook.
Yay!
We don't wanna be
off the hook.
I made shirts,
and we're gonna nail
the activity. Nail it.
Yes. Nothing says competence
like T-shirt humor.
Mom, maybe it's for
the best.
We don't wanna upset
the Callahans.
They've traveled so far.
- Franklin is right.
- I'm Ethan.
- Which one's Franklin.
- There is no Franklin.
Are you sure? How can
you even keep track?
You always have
so much on your plate.
And yet,
never cook dinner.
I just thought of that.
- So how'd it go?
- Well...
Back it up, woman.
The Diaz family
is doing the activity,
and we're gonna
nail it into the ground.
- How do you like us now?
- Hey!
Mom doubled down on you.
I'm really sorry.
Don't be.
This is a sign.
This is the universe saying,
"Harley,
you can't give up.
You're not a quitter
like your brother Ethan."
I'm not always
a quitter.
Sometimes I don't
even start things.
Well, it's time I start.
So step back.
I'm about to unleash
the Harley.
I've got an idea
for the activity.
I was overthinking it.
The trick was
to keep it simple.
We're just going to need
14 water beds,
fifty pounds of concrete,
and a taco.
The taco is key, Ethan.
It's what we'll eat when
we're in the getaway car.
Okay, you are literally
tangled in your own ideas.
What's wrong with you?
Good ideas used to
just pop out.
Now, somehow,
the taco is key.
What is wrong with me?
Just last week, I came up
with something fantastic.
They're my yoga pants.
No, they're mine.
And that's when I thought of
my detachable pant legs,
or as I call them,
Detach-a-pants.
How'd I miss this?
I'm the middle kid
in a huge family.
My body rejects
peace and quiet.
I thrive in chaos.
The taco isn't the key.
It's chaos.
Cut me out of here, Ethan.
I'm going back
to my old room.
BOTH: No.
It's our room now.
You can't move back in.
It's not only
up to you. Georgie?
I can't go back now.
Plus, we have a system.
Oh, right. Georgie,
Mondays, Wednesdays
and Fridays
- I open the door.
- My mistake.
Besides, do you think
we're gonna let you back in
after how you left us?
So long, suckas!
The H train is pulling out
of Lame Town,
and I am never
coming back. Losers!
Chug-chug-chug-chug.
Chug-chug-chug.
( voice echoing )
Losers!
The H train shouldn't
have made that extra
stop in Cocky-ville.
Yeah, that train has
a tendency to burn its bridges.
You are never
getting back in there.
Harley, we've never
asked you for anything before.
Total lie.
Go ahead.
The hard work,
the constant stress,
it's something no fireman
should have to deal with.
We don't even wanna be
firemen anymore.
But she won't
let us quit.
You've gotta get her
off our backs.
She even moved
her playhouse into our room.
She's driving us bananas!
No, we like bananas.
She's driving us tofu.
Boys.
I gotcha covered.
Tell Daphne
to start packing.
She's got a new address.
Who let her in?
There was free space;
I'm moving in.
- My makeup bag.
- What are you doing?
Making some room.
My makeup!
That makeup
was a waste of space.
- Boys are icky.
- Make it stop.
Wish I could, but
as long as there's space,
she's going to stay.
I mean, if there was
a bed or say,
an invention desk,
Daph-nado could blow
back out to the hall.
Wait. Are those
my bobbles?
World's lamest dolls.
Bye-bye.
My bobbles!
I've got it.
I've never been so relieved
to have a huge, crazy family.
I thought I'd get things done
despite them.
Turns out, I get things done
because of them.
Awesome ride, Harley.
We did it, Diazes.
Consider me
razzled and dazzled.
I can't wait to ride it.
Thank you, everybody, for
helping me put this together.
- You did it.
- Oh, come on.
No, I couldn't have done this
without you guys.
And half of my inventory.
You're amazing, Harley.
Just like the shirt says.
You nailed it.
All right,
you can say it.
How do you like us now?
Kudos. So you made
an activity for the block.
Well, not actually
on the block.
More in the woods behind it,
but you know, it's something.
Ellie, out of line.
Out!
( groaning )
You have a bunch of kids.
You can afford
to put them on that.
You might wanna tend to
the water station.
It's looking
a little low.
And if you're getting tired,
we can bring in a tub of ice.
Yes!
Thank you for giving me
a fist bump, Harley.
I don't get many in life.
The Diaz family is finally
gonna get some respect.
She couldn't give me
five seconds.
♪ ♪
Hey, Dad, I wanted
to have a little chat.
It's about your smack talk.
How you like me now?
I'm just not feeling it.
I can help. I'm kind of
an expert on smack talk.
I'd prove it by throwing
some "Yo mamas,"
but yo mama is abuela,
and that woman is a saint.
For raising your lazy butt.
- Oh! Gotcha anyway!
- So what am I doing wrong?
Every word sounds the same.
Try punching one.
How ya like me now?
Mm, no.
Try the last word.
How ya like me now?
Ooh, that is better.
The other thing,
big-time athletes
always talk about themselves
in the third person.
How ya like Tom now?
Yeah, now it sounds like
you're asking for approval.
Powerful people don't
need approval, Dad.
They take it.
Take your power.
Like Tom now!
Yeah, people, now that is
what I'm talking about.
- Thanks, hon.
- Yes.
- Hey, guys.
- Like Tom now!
I did before.
I don't know about now.
Okay, Mom, we have to
work on your smack talk.
Have a sit.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org